= Searchable Map Template - Heroku Ready

This is a basic site template that I use to kick off a lot of my map projects. Uses Fusion Tables, Ruby, Sinatra, Haml and Twitter Bootstrap with tie-ins to Heroku for hosting and Google Analytics.

For help setting up Fusion Tables, see https://github.com/derekeder/FusionTable-Map-Template/blob/master/README.rdoc

Demo: http://searchable-map-template.herokuapp.com

== Installation

  $ git clone git@github.com:derekeder/site-template.git
  $ cd site_template
  $ gem install bundler
  $ bundle
  $ unicorn
  navigate to http://localhost:8080/

== Deploy to Heroku
  
Heroku is a cloud hosting platform that can host small Ruby apps (among others) for free. Deploying is built on top of git, so it helps to be familiar with those commands. More info: https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/git

  $ heroku create name-of-your-app
  make sure all of your changes are committed
  $ git push heroku master

== Setup for fusion_tables gem

To access Fusion Tables in more advanced ways, you will need to setup the fusion_tables gem connection by providing a Google account and password.

  $ cp config/config.yml.example config/config.yml
  set the Google account and password you want to use to access your Fusion Table
  $ unicorn
  navigate to http://localhost:8080/location_list to see a demonstration

When you want to deploy to Heroku, you will need to set your account and password as Heroku config variables. For more info, see https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/config-vars

  $ heroku config:add google_account=youraccount
  $ heroku config:add google_password=yourpassword

== Dependencies

* {Fusion Tables}[http://www.google.com/fusiontables/Home/]
* {fusion_tables gem}[https://github.com/tokumine/fusion_tables]
* {Ruby 1.9.3}[http://www.ruby-lang.org/en/downloads]
* {Sinatra}[http://www.sinatrarb.com]
* {Haml}[http://haml.info]
* {Heroku}[http://www.heroku.com]
* {Twitter Bootstrap}[http://twitter.github.com/bootstrap]
* {Google Analytics}[http://www.google.com/analytics]


== Errors / Bugs

If something is not behaving intuitively, it is a bug, and should be reported.
Report it here: https://github.com/derekeder/FusionTable-Map-Template-Heroku/issues


== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Commit and send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2012 Derek Eder. Released under the MIT License.

See LICENSE for details https://github.com/derekeder/FusionTable-Map-Template-Heroku/wiki/License
